README.md, before:

<img src=”https://github.com/images/herobanner.png" alt=”Pet Pals hero banner”/>

# 🐕🐈 PET PALS PROJECT 🐇🐢

Pet Pals is a social network aimed at connecting pet owners and their beloved animals. While the world is going through a pandemic, humans crave for meaningful connection 
even more. Those who already have pets find that the safety restrictions in places limit the interaction they can have with other pet lovers and their pets' playmates. On the 
other hand, many who have lesser avenues to meet other humans resort to getting pets as companions at home. When they share the lives of their pets on Pet Pals, it gives them a platform to form communities with like-minded pet owners. There is so much knowledge,
joy and love to be shared on animals, and the possibilities for sparks to fly all over Pet Pals is endless. 

## 🚀 MICROSOFT JR FULL STACK DEVELOPER PROGRAM
Pet Pals first came about as a final project requirement of the Microsoft Full Stack Development program. Under the #GetReadySG national reskilling initiative, notable organisations and government agencies teamed to help mid-career job seekers launch a tech career over a 9 month full Stack development bootcamp and apprenticeship.

- Microsoft https://news.microsoft.com/en-sg/2020/12/10/microsoft-and-generation-partner-singapore-government-to-launch-getreadysg-to-upskill-and-boost-employment-for-up-to-1000-singaporeans/
- Generation Singapore https://singapore.generation.org/launch-your-career-in-tech/
- Digital Industry Singapore (DISG) https://www.imda.gov.sg/disg 
- Infocomm Media Development Authority (IMDA) https://www.imda.gov.sg/
- SkillsFuture Singapore (SSG) https://www.ssg-wsg.gov.sg/programmes-and-initiatives/sgunitedmidcareerpathwaysprogramme.html

## 😄 THE PET PALS TEAM 👋
The Pet Pals team consists of 4 members, part of the 31 members in the 2nd program cohort.

- Joelyn Ong | Team Lead, active learner buffing up on Hyperautomation 
- Timothy Chan | Aspiring UX Designer
- Jasmine Chong | React Developer Wannabe
- David Tong | Avid gamer and Entrepreneur on the make


## 🔗 HOW TO REACH US

- Connect with Joelyn [![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joelynong)
  📧 joelynong@yahoo.com
- Connect with Timothy [![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/timothy-chan-guo-liang)

- Connect with Jasmine [![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jascyr)

- Connect with David [![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-in-tech)


## 🛠 SKILLS

```bash
Tech Stack: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Java, MySQL, REACT, GIT, Agile SCRUM Methodology
````
```bash
Mindsets: Personal Responsibility, Future Orientation, Growth Mindset, Persistence
````
```bash
Behavourial Skills: Communication, Orientation to Detail, Proactiveness, Teamwork
````
## PET PALS LOGO

![Logo](images/pet-pals-logos/pet-pals-transparent-min.png)


    
## LOGO COLOR REFERENCE

| Color             | Hex                                                              |
| ----------------- | -----------------------------------------------------------------|
| Aqua Blue         | ![#00c2cb](https://via.placeholder.com/10/00c2cb?text=+) #00c2cb |
| Peach             | ![#ffbd59](https://via.placeholder.com/10/ffbd59?text=+) #ffbd59 |
| Dark Green        | ![#245108](https://via.placeholder.com/10/245108?text=+) #245108 |
| Dark Gray         | ![#545454](https://via.placeholder.com/10/545454?text=+) #545454 |


## 🥇 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

 - Jean looi | Lead Instructor 
 - Bryan Chew | Instructor Assistant
 - Generation SG Program Team
 

## 🥈 CREDITS

- Dog Video by KoolShooters from Pexels.com
- Cats Video by cottonbro from Pexels.com
- Stock Photo by Unsplash.com
- https://readme.so/it/editor
- https://github.com/ikatyang/emoji-cheat-sheet/blob/master/README.md

## DEPLOYMENT

To deploy this project run

```bash
  npm run deploy
```

Commit message:

updated about.html, about.css and readme

README.md, after:

<img src=”https://github.com/joelynong/PetPals/blob/main/src/main/resources/static/images/herobanner.png" alt=”Pet Pals hero banner”/>

# 🐕🐈 PET PALS PROJECT 🐇🐢

Pet Pals is a social network aimed at connecting pet owners and their beloved animals. While the world is going through a pandemic, humans crave for meaningful connection 
even more. Those who already have pets find that the safety restrictions in places limit the interaction they can have with other pet lovers and their pets' playmates. On the 
other hand, many who have lesser avenues to meet other humans resort to getting pets as companions at home. When they share the lives of their pets on Pet Pals, it gives them a platform to form communities with like-minded pet owners. There is so much knowledge,
joy and love to be shared on animals, and the possibilities for sparks to fly all over Pet Pals is endless. 

## 🚀 MICROSOFT FULL STACK DEVELOPER PROGRAM

Pet Pals first came about as a final project requirement of the Microsoft Full Stack Development (FSD) program. Under the #GetReadySG national reskilling initiative in Singapore, notable organisations and government agencies teamed to help mid-career job seekers launch a tech career over a 9 month full Stack development bootcamp and apprenticeship.

- Microsoft https://news.microsoft.com/en-sg/2020/12/10/microsoft-and-generation-partner-singapore-government-to-launch-getreadysg-to-upskill-and-boost-employment-for-up-to-1000-singaporeans/
- Generation Singapore https://singapore.generation.org/launch-your-career-in-tech/
- Digital Industry Singapore (DISG) https://www.imda.gov.sg/disg 
- Infocomm Media Development Authority (IMDA) https://www.imda.gov.sg/
- SkillsFuture Singapore (SSG) https://www.ssg-wsg.gov.sg/programmes-and-initiatives/sgunitedmidcareerpathwaysprogramme.html

## 😄 THE PET PALS TEAM 👋

The Pet Pals team consists of 4 members, from the 31-member strong FSD Intake 2 Cohort.

- Joelyn Ong | Team Lead, active learner buffing up on Hyperautomation 
- Timothy Chan | Aspiring UX Designer
- Jasmine Chong | Hopeful Frontend Developer
- David Tong | Avid gamer and Entrepreneur on the make


## 🔗 HOW TO REACH US

- Connect with Joelyn [![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joelynong)
  📧 joelynong@yahoo.com
  
- Connect with Timothy [![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/timothy-chan-guo-liang)
  📧 timotheechan@gmail.com
  
- Connect with Jasmine [![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jascyr)
  📧 chongyr@outlook.com
  
- Connect with David [![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-in-tech)
  📧 david.tonghw@gmail.com


## 🛠 SKILLS

These are the skillsets we have learnt at the bootcamp that enable us to complete this project.
```bash
Tech Stack: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Java, MySQL, REACT, GIT, Agile SCRUM Methodology
````
```bash
Mindsets: Personal Responsibility, Future Orientation, Growth Mindset, Persistence
````
```bash
Behavourial Skills: Communication, Orientation to Detail, Proactiveness, Teamwork
````

## 🐶 PET PALS LOGO 🐱

![Logo](https://github.com/joelynong/PetPals/blob/main/src/main/resources/static/images/pet-pals-logos/pet-pals-transparent-min.png)

    
## 🎨 LOGO COLOR REFERENCE

| Color             | Hex                                                              |
| ----------------- | -----------------------------------------------------------------|
| Aqua Blue         | ![#00c2cb](https://via.placeholder.com/10/00c2cb?text=+) #00c2cb |
| Peach             | ![#ffbd59](https://via.placeholder.com/10/ffbd59?text=+) #ffbd59 |
| Dark Green        | ![#245108](https://via.placeholder.com/10/245108?text=+) #245108 |


## 🥇 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

 - Jean Looi | Lead Instructor from Temasek Polytechnic, Singapore
 - Bryan Chew | Instructor Assistant
 - Generation SG Program Team
 

## 🥈 CREDITS

- Dog Video by KoolShooters from Pexels.com
- Cats Video by cottonbro from Pexels.com
- Stock Photo by Unsplash.com
- Avatar icons by Flaticon.com
- Logo design by Canva.com
- Readme editor by readme.so
- Emoji from https://github.com/ikatyang/emoji-cheat-sheet/blob/master/README.md

## ☁️ DEPLOYMENT

This project is deployed on https://petpalssocialmedia.herokuapp.com
